Create Plugin: Improve cli args and add docs (#1030)
grafana/plugin-tools: docusaurus/docs/reference/prompts.md

Reviewer: Not necessarily for this PR, but I think it would make sense to change to title from _"Prompts"_ to something like _"CLI prompts"_ (or similar) to make it more clear when navigating in the side menu.

# Prompts

> When running the `create-plugin` command, the following prompts will appear.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When running the `create-plugin` command, the following prompts appear.
```

> When running the `create-plugin` command, the following prompts will appear.

Reviewer 2: preferred style is present indicative tense

### Enter your organization name (usually your Grafana Cloud org)

> Enter the name of your organization. This must be your [Grafana Cloud](https://grafana.com/signup/) organization to allow you to [sign](../publish-a-plugin/sign-a-plugin.md) and optionally [publish](../publish-a-plugin/publish-or-update-a-plugin.md) the plugin to the [catalog](https://grafana.com/grafana/plugins).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enter the name of your organization. This must be your [Grafana Cloud](https://grafana.com/signup/) organization. With the organization name you can [sign](../publish-a-plugin/sign-a-plugin.md) and optionally [publish](../publish-a-plugin/publish-or-update-a-plugin.md) the plugin to the [Grafana plugin catalog](https://grafana.com/grafana/plugins).
```

> ## Bypassing Prompts

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Bypass prompts
```

> All the above prompts can be bypassed using cli arguments. To scaffold a plugin with cli arguments pass them to the create-plugin command like so:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can bypass all the preceding prompts by using `create-plugin` CLI arguments. To scaffold a plugin with the CLI arguments, pass them to the `create-plugin` command like so:
```

```
npx @grafana/create-plugin --plugin-type="app" --plugin-name="myPlugin" --org-name="myorg" --backend
```

> Scaffolding plugins using cli arguments not only makes it quicker to get started but allows you to run the tool in a non-interactive environment such as CI or to scaffold plugins with other tooling too.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can scaffold plugins using CLI arguments to get started faster. This also allows you to run the tool in a non-interactive environment such as CI or to scaffold plugins with other tooling.
```

> Please refer to the following table for the full list of prompt bypass options.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Refer to the following table for the full list of prompt bypass options.
```

| Prompt           | Equivalent Argument Name     | Values                                             |
| ---------------- | ---------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------- |

> | **Plugin Type**  | `--plugin-type`              | one of `app`, `datasource`, `panel` or `scenesapp` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **Plugin type**  | `--plugin-type`              | one of `app`, `datasource`, `panel` or `scenesapp` |
```

### Enter your organization name (usually your Grafana Cloud org)

Enter the name of your organization. This must be your [Grafana Cloud](https://grafana.com/signup/) organization to allow you to [sign](../publish-a-plugin/sign-a-plugin.md) and optionally [publish](../publish-a-plugin/publish-or-update-a-plugin.md) the plugin to the [catalog](https://grafana.com/grafana/plugins).

> Add a [GitHub workflow](/create-a-plugin/develop-a-plugin/set-up-github-workflows#the-compatibility-check-is-compatibleyml) to regularly check that your plugin is compatible with the latest version of Grafana.

Reviewer 3: shouldn't be here?

Author: Ah sorry I don't think I was paying attention to the merge conflicts!

## Bypassing Prompts

All the above prompts can be bypassed using cli arguments. To scaffold a plugin with cli arguments pass them to the create-plugin command like so:

```
npx @grafana/create-plugin --plugin-type="app" --plugin-name="myPlugin" --org-name="myorg" --backend
```

Scaffolding plugins using cli arguments not only makes it quicker to get started but allows you to run the tool in a non-interactive environment such as CI or to scaffold plugins with other tooling too.

:::info
To pass in false for a boolean create-plugin uses the naming convention `--no-<promptName>` (e.g. `--no-backend`).

> :::

Reviewer 3: I feel like this is more useful in contribution guidelines/internal doc rather than needing to be user facing (particularly when we only have one prompt which follows this). Not a blocker, but would consider removing just because its arguably noise

Author: Tis done! 👍
